life okay we are live I'm gonna give
this just another couple seconds to let
everybody get settled and then we will
get started so thanks everyone for
joining us
okay I think I'm gonna go ahead and get
started here all right
so hello everyone thanks for joining
wherever you are in the world my name is
Lisa nester and I work on the ecosystem
team at the Stellar development
foundation and today I will be your
moderator for our first ever virtual
roundtable where the focus of our
discussion will be on a new sub proposal
that focuses on what we call
send/receive
transactions so we'll dive more into
this and certainly all of the details of
the send/receive proposal however first
I'll give a quick outline of the agenda
so I will begin by providing a quick
introduction to everyone about what a
Stellar SEP is and this dollar set
ecosystem will then move to the
send/receive depth discussion providing
a short overview of the purpose of this
SEP as well as decisions that have been
made today and then we will open it up
to our roundtable participants to start
having a discussion and sorting through
pending details then at the end we will
also try and leave some time for Q&A
from any anybody who streaming in and
participating this in this discussion as
an audience member so please feel free
to add any questions on the the youtube
question chat box as you'd like so go
ahead and dive into things what is a
step so a SUP is a Stellar native term
that stands for a Stellar ecosystem
proposal and so steps are publicly
created open source documents that live
in a github repository and facilitate
the creation and eventual adoption of
technical standards within the Stellar
ecosystem these are standards above the
core protocol layer so these are really
eCos
some level proposals and standards so so
provide a kind of short overview subs
are really a dynamic way of introducing
new standards to the protocol for the
ecosystem above the Stellar Network so
these are things that really helped to
develop use cases that are being
implemented and tested by companies and
individuals across the Stellar ecosystem
and as new ideas or kind of new use
cases are developed they can be
introduced in the form of a set to start
creating technical standards and
adoption across the ecosystem and it's
worth noting that you know steps within
the cellar ecosystem much of them have
been inspired by the IETF just to give a
quick view of the SEP overview process
for anyone that would be interested and
doing this themselves or getting more
involved in other steps that are being
introduced so this really starts with an
introduction or kind of initial
discussion so there's a use case there's
a type of transaction or you know a type
of operation that someone wants to do in
the Stellar ecosystem and there's not
really a standard easy way to implement
this so they will reach out and and
start kind of talking with other people
an ecosystem including SDF to get a
sense of other people would have a
similar desire they see a similar need
and also to get feedback on kind of
other other iterations of how that use
case might work after those kind of
precept discussions happen then an
actual step is drafted and so you know
this usually comes in the form of a pull
request and the github repository at
that point there's a lot of continued
discussion further iterations and
merging of the proposal itself which
then will actually get changed into a
formal draft
once that draft is developed then it
will kind of go into an awaiting
decision on standpoint where it's tested
and implemented but there's a period for
final comments to be submitted by other
people in the ecosystem that are using
with the SUP and it's kind of very early
stage on once that kind final comment
period is closed the step officially
becomes active again this is still you
can think of as a very early period
where the stuff is finalized but there's
still kind of testing an early stage
implementation of it and then once we
feel a step is really robust we call it
we move it to a final phase where it
becomes a full standard within the
ecosystem so just to give reference
right now for this conversation we're
still in this kind of merging and
further iteration so there was a
proposal that's been drafted and so
we're now reviewing that and so you know
I think to look at the big picture subs
are really a ecosystem each sorry steps
are really a tool to ensure that we're
facilitating an open financial network
they create standard and uniform ways
for different types of assets or
applications to interface with the
Stellar ecosystem and underlying that is
an ability to create interoperability
across various applications wallets and
assets across Stellar so they're really
a critical part of facilitating an open
Financial Network just a quick example
is sub 24
deposit and withdrawal or anchored
assets and wallets and the Stellar
ecosystem so this is a very it's an
active set and it really has provided a
way to improve user experiences across
wallets for users to be able to deposit
them withdraw balances across many many
different anchor tassets
and it also ensures asset compatibility
so as an anchor or somebody issuing an
asset I can make sure that if I use the
24 the others
twenty-four wallet or application in the
Stellar ecosystem will be compatible
with my my asset so very valuable in
that sense hmm moving into the actual
round table I'll quickly introduce our
participants we have three companies
from the Stellar ecosystem which will be
speaking during this roundtable we have
Anthony from tempo money transfer
who's calling it from France we have
Erasmus and Andy from Satoshi pay we're
calling in from Germany and we have boob
Emmy who is from Calvary System and
calling in from Abuja so yes from Lagos
I'm sorry I apologize for that
and finally we have Michael who is one
of our lead integration engineers at STF
who will be kind of taking the lead and
help to facilitate this discussion for
the participants so transition into this
we can kind of start by providing a
quick overview of what this send/receive
stuff is focused on doing and we've had
to date so with that I will hand it over
to Michael all right cool thank you this
time so what this is trying to achieve
we already have two steps for wallets
pinker interoperability so this is kind
of a unilateral thing where it's one
person trying to withdraw into their own
real world Bank the the point of this
step is to facilitate payments between
two different people so as far as the
actual users are concerned here it'll
just look like I'm sending money into my
other person's bank account this is
going to be facilitated usually by two
anchors who actually have relationships
with each other and ideally there will
be a a dense network of anchors in all
different regions so you could send to
anywhere in the world but the important
part is that it is between two different
end-user individuals so our use case you
know for example business
from Nigeria to Europe and this is
something that Kerry and temple have
already started working on and have kind
of used some of our older steps to to
make this work and ideally we're gonna
have a more clear actual explicit step
for this so that when other you know if
a third party a third acre comes on they
can have a business relationship and
then just plug in and not have to do
technical integrations or not have to do
anything complicated it's already gonna
be built so we've made some decisions
already you know nothing nothing final
this is all I'm just trying to put
something out there so we can talk about
it it looks a lot like step 6
mostly because what we've seen from
other anchors we've seen from Temple and
Calgary is that step 6
technically seems to work for a lot of
this the shape of the API what it offers
really it seems to work so I didn't want
to reinvent the wheel and make everybody
jump through hoops so what I did and you
can see in this this draft PR it
basically takes something that looks
like SEP sticks
create a separate end point for it and
clean up a few things so we took out the
usage of step 12 and step 12 is a
customer info server so this is a way of
sending it's an endpoint just for
sharing kyc information between two
anchors and originally we used this and
what we thought is it just makes the
flow more complicated it's easier to
just send the customer info with with
the first call anyways so I'm gonna walk
through do you mind if I share my screen
Lisa okay I'm gonna do it
has anybody here some experience with
step 12 because to be honest I had not
seen it they come up in many
conversations previously yeah it's
something that you know I'm curious so
that's one of the things I want to ask
about it is do people feel like step 12
is necessary is it useful and helpful or
does it just kind of redirect some some
usage and complicate this story yes
we've implemented cent well personally I
think it's useful I like it
it goes back to that original goal of
having and what it's experienced such
that you can do kyc once you can have it
stored in the wallet and then any new
anchor going forward you can be sure
that you have done the KYC them so I
think it's useful in that respect it
really helps to use the experience that
you can do kick the questing once and
then they can have their one of it to
manage the KYT anything you anchor who
comes online afterwards that user is
sure that they can do okay I see with
Latin America I just absolutely control
but it's in German that's my proposal
wouldn't you still have a new anchor
comes on board wouldn't you still have
to redo that kyc with the new anchor yes
but the idea is or my concept is you can
help you want it actually strong kyc
information once right Amanda when a new
ad comes on board you can share that
already stored kyc information with the
new haircut finest set well does that
make it easier so actually let's let's
come back to this I'm gonna walk through
how
works so we can also be on the same page
they see audience aware what kyc means
so kyc is essentially you know your
customer this is information firm ation
about people trying to send or receive
money this can be simple as name or it
can be as complicated as we need a photo
of your passport with me a photo of your
face holding your passport that kind of
thing so it it can get complicated at
times
well some of the my toast be stricter
requirements and businesses and I know
your customer there's also know your
business right and then we really start
opening out from Pandora's box and so it
really is a diverse topic can you guys
see this separate now I'm confused as to
what's happening with missing plane yes
yeah so I'm just gonna walk through what
the step we have currently is so at the
highest level there is you know this is
something that creates a product between
my brother's already to end-users and
it's facilitated by two businesses that
have rails between each other so these
you know one of the differences between
this and something like step 6 or step
24 is that this is not a discoverable
protocol any anchors that are going to
be involved in this any rails are
created they have a relationship up
front so it's not like someone can just
pop up and say now I'm an anchor in
Saudi Arabia and you know get money sent
to them without without someone agreeing
that they're actually a real real
business so in this example we had Ellis
in Nigeria who wants to send money to
Bob in Europe so she Alice will sign up
with Nigeria pay to make this payment
reading about Bangkok Bob doesn't need
to know anything all he needs to do is
make sure that Alice knows his bank
account information so she can actually
deposited so Oh looks like they used the
word calorie instead of Nigeria pay I'll
change that but basically this Nigerian
anchor has a relationship with someone
in Europe Europe a and then they will
use this protocol to actually transfer
the money and tell Europe a where to
deposit the money into paws bank account
so the actual protocol only happens
between the two anchors everything that
happens outside of the two makers
communicating is not part of the SAP we
don't need any protocols for that so
when when Nigeria paid on boards Alice
and collects all of alice's information
this is just a web app or a mobile app
there's no interoperable protocol here
so we don't want to try to define too
much only the things that have to do
with part parties interacting with each
other my listen I just asked you I you
know looking at the feedback at the
moment or on github I'm just on your
screen I'm looking at the github at the
at the markdown and the github just just
wait wait a second are you on this what
you're seeing what I'm highlighting
right now yes okay I'm sorry
yes I'm looking at this why is this okay
I'm sorry I was looking at the wrong
screen I had a second screen up so this
is what I just described there are so
here's how this actually works there
there are four entities there's a
sending client and the receiving client
these are the actual people or
businesses sending money and receiving
money and then the sending and receiving
anchor so the sending client will set
sign up with the sending anchor tell
them they want to send money to Europe
the sending anchor will decide who their
anchor is in Europe send the send the
tokens over
and then the receiving cur will deposit
into receiving clients Bank when these
rails are set up each anchor is gonna
find a counterparty who would ever reach
anyone operate with and they're gonna
trade public keys so that we can use
step 10
than step six in step 24 where we use
sep 10 to the anchors
it's the anchors proving who they are to
interact with each other this is not a
sub time for the end user so when we
sorry okay when we do all the onboarding
and when we collect all the information
for the transaction this happens out of
the scope of the spec and so the the
first time to anchor the sending anchor
will collect the amounts the any kyc
information about the sender or the
receiver that they that they need the
bank count information where it's going
and then that's when the actual
initiation happens of the protocol so I
I just got a message from someone asking
if you could zoom in a little bit it's
hard to read awesome is it
I also we're gonna link to this repo
specifically in the YouTube chat so
people can go on that directly as well
yeah someone could drop that into the
chat
I couldn't comment from my seller
account that great so so this is where
things start to look a little familiar
so now that the sending client has
cleared the Sun Waker when it wants to
you we can start this protocol advanced
so basically the sending client is going
to choose their destination region
they're going to say I want to send this
to Europe and now this sending anchor
says okay I know who my my Europe anchor
is I'm gonna look up their Tamil file to
get their their sensor for API endpoint
I'm gonna look up their infant
to see what fields they need so this is
very much like the steps except 24 in
phone point they're actually just a SEP
16 point where it'll say you know I can
I can do a direct send for euros and I
need these fields I need bank account
I need routing number I need first and
last name of the sender first and last
name of the receiver and using the
information I can make sure that as the
sending anchor I've collected all that
from my my sending client and if I
didn't you know that's the second page I
can collect whatever I need so once I've
collected all that information I'm
making a post request to this send
endpoint so this is very much like the
posts deposit post withdrawal of step 6
and so it's so late so this is where we
were talking about step 12
instead of using step 12 to to send the
customer info separately we're looking
at sending it all in one request so this
is just a single atomic request that
says here is what I want to send here is
all the customer information and if I'm
missing something rather than say rather
than the receiving anchor tell me that
oh you need to step 12 me some other
info they just say I also need the
sender's last name and I will just try
the whole thing again with the extra
information so the receiving anchor will
just reject this send call until it
contains everything needed to do the
transaction and once that's ready once
once the sending anchor has sent
everything to receiving achenes we're
gonna get back the all the payment
information so now assuming that the
sending anchor has collected the fiat
however that's going to happen from a
semi client it can do either a path
payment to send the receiving anchor
whatever it expects so a three-c maker
is expecting to deposit euros the
sending anchor should send the receiving
anchor euros either via path name
or via you know a regular payment where
they've exchanged it however they want
but as long as the sitting anchor
receives what they expect then the the
set part is basically done the receiving
occur should uses that bank count
information that was sent with the send
call do the deposit and then from then
on there's just the standard transaction
end point where the sending Aker can
check on the status to make sure
everything is going correctly and so
yeah that's the general flow of this so
a few things I want to ask about were
you know a the SEP 12 stuff be the idea
of refunds is a kind of an open question
it's something that should be very rare
but in the case of a bank you know once
once the receiving anchor receives the
tokens if they can't actually deposit
into the receiving bank account we need
to know what happens there so there's
this part of the set where we actually
describe what this is or is this
something that happens outside of this
back where if it's a very rare thing you
know you just communicate with each
other since you have relationships with
each other yeah before I go any further
does anyone have any comments or
questions on what I just talked about
sorry if that was a lot I'm sorry for
the confusion earlier on the screens
so let me ask about this f12 stuff then
if the value of step 12 is knowing that
I can just send I can store the customer
info and send it to whoever else isn't
that still the case here where the
sending Aker collects the kose
information for whoever it is they can
store it forever because that sending
client has create an account and they
they send it over via this this descent
endpoint doesn't that functionally give
you the same thing as using except 12
I think we need to make some definitions
is useful for an onboarding process like
a registration process this particular
call is not it's not for onboarding this
is like an actual transaction basically
meaning it can be called many times so
in terms of just getting the required
information it makes sense the way you
describe it my book that gave her all
the information is already complete
because this is for an actual
transaction and if there's anything
missing
receiving a kit can immediately reply
and by saying these are the fields
missing in each these fields and that
the sending actor can we try to
transaction the this makes sense in the
context of actually sending transactions
whereas set 12 is useful is actually for
onboarding and the main differences on
body requires identity documents writing
this particular transaction this
particular end points are referring to
the same doesn't necessarily include
identity documents right it's more like
personal information which would be the
receive this name receivables bank
information but do not hide entity
document sir this is useful in the
context of a transaction which is
repeatable recep 12 is useful for an
onboarding process and where identity
documents are extremely so one is it one
of the things that retama early on is
the idea of what is part of the sap and
what is not so step 12 is really useful
where you're onboarding to a service
from a product that's not run by the
service so this is really good for using
when we head step 6
if you have a third party wallet that
wants to onboard with an exchange sep 12
is really important because this lets
the exchange collect information from a
wallet where the exchange is not
controlling the UI in this case you know
calorie controls the UI for onboarding
so you you can use step 12
if you want but you don't have to do
since since the party collecting the
information and party displaying the UI
is the same product there's not really a
need for an interoperable if I think
that's the the key distinction is that
if there's no two parties interoperating
there's really no need to define a set
Michael could I ask you that a little
bit more just kind of definitional info
on sep 12 we've referenced it it's you
know yeah so step 12
a customer information transmission
protocol basically what it is it's an
endpoint where you can post customer
information so let me start over the use
case so what like like I said earlier
the use case is I'm an exchange and
there's a wallet that wants to do to the
posits into my exchange for a user I
need to collect
customer information from them to do my
kyc I need to collect personal lastname
a photo of a passport so should be
pioneer information strings whatever
what this says allows is it says here
are the fields that I need and here is
the end points that you can post them to
and then the wallet who doesn't know
anything about the exchange other than
this is where I post the customer info
to can can send information to the
exchange yeah I mean that's generally
simple protocol it's you know a lot of
these steps are very simple you know
this is just one endpoint it's actually
two endpoints it also allows you to
delete information but it's it's
essentially just you know it's just a
standard that says if you're gonna
collect customer info and you want other
parties to be able to provide it to you
here's a here's a standard way to do it
with no no UI or the UI is up to the
product itself we don't say anything
about it but can I ask so I don't I
don't have a lot of experience as I
mentioned with this approach but the
there's no way of fetching the raw data
by this correct
what kind of routine what do you mean so
perhaps I'm an anchor or an entity in
and and I'm being told that somebody has
been chaos eat but for whatever reasons
regulatory compliance I may need to run
my own kyc again I would like to fetch
the raw data if we have some sort of
agreement between these two entities
that we call so like share the data of
course in a compliant manner then I
would I would also want to fetch that
raw data the identity documents the
identity identity of the natural person
all the documents I have uploaded so
this so the way that we imagine is
happening now is you know remember the
first step of the actual protocol here
is we have this info endpoint which I
think a lot of people are familiar with
subsection 724 this basically this is
how an anchor will kind of advertise
what it supports so this is an anchor
that says I support receiving US dollars
here's my fee information and what
you're asking about here is these fields
so this says if you want to do a
transaction with me I'm gonna need the
sender's first and last name the
receivers first last an email and these
can be any number of kyc fields
including things like passport photo or
something and then the information
regarding the transaction so this is
this is another way that we we kind of
diverged from step six a bit is we
separated sender receiver and
transaction information whereas in step
six it's all just fields and that works
because there's only one party you know
with this there's there's two parties
there's a sender and receiver so I guess
first off does this so actually there's
there's two ways one is this way the
info on point says here's the fields I
need you want to interact with me you're
gonna have to send me this data the
second way is if you're doing a some
someone's echoing if if you're not
talking could you sorry
if yeah so if you have a transaction
that's particularly particularly
high-value you might say oh you know I
originally I said I only need first last
name but I actually also need passport
photos now and that's where you would
reject the first end call and say you
know I need more information
I need this as well and then the sending
anchor would have to collect that and
send it to you as well
does that answer your question about how
you would get that data from the sender
yeah I mean my question was more about
step 12
like why it wouldn't be defined then
also just just I mean at least some
suggestion so everybody would have an
agreed standard of also requesting that
data right there might also be
interesting if if we looked at sharing a
compliance data across a network but it
maybe it's a bit outside the scope of
this conversation if if we're mainly
discussing this this new direct payment
proposal so but it was more like more
the direction of a compliant partner
Network so you're saying you want a way
to like kind of just have shared kyc
ahead of time for everybody rather than
at transaction time yes for example or
just just that it's sort of the
separating concerns a little bit so that
in the set 12 that would potentially
allow a I mean we I'm sort of segue into
a little bit of an absolute discussion
here but it would allow for a sort of a
an entity that's focused entirely on
doing compliance would allow them to
also for example provide an a an
endpoint that everybody would know how
to consume and where they could request
the data according to certain rules but
but it may be it's really relevant to
this discussion because it would be more
regarding the set 12 itself so maybe we
should pick it up and can I say one
thing Michael yeah of course from a kind
of European perspective because the
regulations are changing slightly
and Germany was a leader in this is that
basically we need liveness tests on all
new registrations and so the whole
concept of the SEP 12 of basically
having the data and submitting it to a
regulated entity in Europe probably
won't fly simply because we need to do a
live nest egg on the hologram on their
ID as well as on their face pretty
principle if they're a sort of a expiry
date and when that so let's say that
somebody does that three months ago and
you requested the video recording of
that lioness test somebody sitting in
front of an agent and holding up their
passport for example if you know they
know yeah there's no expiry on the video
when the passport expires we have to
request a new passport but yeah the
issues that we as regulated and we have
to do our own kyc even if we're using a
partner what kind of responsible so we
can't 100% delegate that we still have
to hold be held accountable so it could
be good to have a third party and in
fact there's about three or four like
one if I or some sub or there's about a
dozen vendors out there will offer this
kind of thing but passing it between
companies it can work you just need an
agreement a data protection agreement
between the companies like what we
signed with bid bond where they passed
us the data they've collected with
German kyc provider and they basically
an API into the into the provider
exactly so that would be B something
along those lines and I'm just thinking
that that perhaps at 12 could also
assist in this sort of sharing a purse
and then work right so yes of course it
would have to be with a German agent in
your case for example over the I guess
for the European agent that would have
to do the lioness check that would be
like very certain my specifications for
somebody in Europe compared to somebody
in Africa and so on but the
if that independent compliance provide a
partner they they made sure to take all
the data accordingly right so this is
combined with this regulation in these
countries it's not combined with these
if there's a way of signifying that
right and I could still work and however
I appreciate this really is an axillary
discussion to the the set it is related
and it's sort of also a little bit
beyond the scope so it's a very tricky
to know when to stop this conversation
and so I think it is like it's the
actual mechanics of it are outside the
scope of the SAP but I think it is
important to just know that that is a
use case the idea of having like a
shared kyc provider so I don't think it
might not work for everybody but I want
to make sure like I want to make sure
that it does fit into the set if people
do want to use that so we had thought
about this and I think that I think the
SEP does provide for that so if you have
a kose network you have somebody
provides you know kose compliance for
you and the way I imagine it works is
every client has like every end user has
a token that says like this is the user
you can look up on the compliance
provider and say here's the user here's
the token can you you know provide the
KYC for me and verify that they've
actually been you know properly vetted
and I think the way that would work is
that in this info endpoint you know we
would say instead of first name we would
say senders kyc token that would allow
you to then go back to your kyc provider
and use that token to make sure
everything's on the up-and-up and
everything is what you expect as far as
actually building the KYC network yes
f12 might be a good way to kind of
facilitate that between each other and I
think that is a good use case where you
actually you don't have to do
proprietary characterizing everybody
nd I asked you to mute when you're not
talking I think you're you've got some
echo going on there oh thank you but do
you think that that so I guess my main
concern is I just want to make sure that
what the step provides doesn't disallow
I don't want people to have to add
another ad hoc API to use this kyc as a
service stuff so just to I mean this is
something that we're pushing for very
much I mean we our service it's very
much in between different entities and
the understood network and one of the
things that we want to streamline it's
the compliance process so we are we are
very actively negotiating with the
compliance as a service provider and
inclusive and of course is it something
that we hope to achieve so yes I mean we
would ideally want something on that so
I'm just just to let you know we're also
doing something where we're just opening
up we have a partner who was requested
and we just open up an API where they
can then pull the information Andy maybe
that could be a step as well like a
standardized way of pulling but they've
been validated the issue that we ran
into is every country's got different
documents they require like we're in
we're working in Cyprus and they require
in France we don't require proof of
income but in Cyprus they do so it gets
all very complicated very quickly
and and this is why we would we would
want really want a focused entity to
working in this that we don't all try to
set up our own but but this is at least
from our side what we what we what we
would like to see that we have an entity
dedicated and Stella who provides that
dedicated and Stellar who provides that
service and also works on standardizing
these and then can go into the
nitty-gritty of quite figuring out the
requirements for each jurisdiction and
the different purposes businesses versus
individuals and so on right and the only
other comment that I have is that if you
look at one of the big guys like
remotely and cosimo they typically do
the became I see at the end meaning they
receive the payment first and then they
do the KYC after the payments received
so currently we're not doing that we're
doing the KYC first where we unset 24 or
we pop up the interactive URL and this
is going completely off-topic sorry
because with anchors anchor - anchor
traffic that's not an issue but I'm just
saying that with the KYC thing it might
following on Andy's concept of this kos
uses services it might happen after the
payment yeah you could share something
that would be great I mean it's really a
it's really a good it's like it would be
very valuable for the ecosystem I think
if we would have an open standard there
in time and even if the requirements
chained are very different between
countries sometimes it would still be
valuable in the sense that you don't
need to start from scratch but just need
to add the data that's missing so I I
wanted to see I don't know we hadn't
heard from UPenn me in a while so I
wanted to see if you have any comments
on this and then also say that I also
think this is very relevant to this
discussion would also suggest perhaps
that we kind of make some assumptions
around how kyc is being collected for
kind of like a short-term model of how
this anchor - anchor transaction would
work unless that seems too difficult to
do just so we can kind of test or
continue that discussion
regardless different jurisdictions
requiring different kyc I just wanted to
ask isn't it up to the receiving anchor
so it's the receiving uncle who would
always determine what the requirements
are so if you're in Cyprus but you are
sending through tempo therefore tempo
it's what tempo requires so in this
particular situation you're you're
standing from Cyprus but the
requirements would be tempos requirement
which means they don't need to think
about such situation yeah I just wanted
to ask about receiving Anka who
determines what is required normally we
do the KYC on who's sending the money so
with the case of you guys we do the KYC
on on cowering your folium the bank on
the on the case of individual client we
do it on the client so it just depends
on who who is the client in the case of
you guys you are our pot so we do the
KYC on you and then but then because
you're working with a regulated entity
within Nigeria where you're doing the
KYC in Nigeria and the you passing some
additional details so we do a validation
check but the person thought on some
terrorists list or something like that
in France but we're relying on you and
your banking partner to do the KYC in
Nigeria on the sender no now now if the
amounts are a little bit higher like
with you guys typically what we ask for
additional information not proof of
income but you know what what's it for
like proof of the someone sending two
hundred thousand euro or four hundred
thousand dollars and this an individual
normally would better buying a house
we'll need a reason for the wire and
then maybe proof of the purchase of the
house or with a company
does need an invoice for the your
company might need to send an invoice
and that's not relying on us that's
often our downstream banks that require
that or our internal compliance officer
yeah so my question is that in this case
temper we have to follow the template
requirements so it's not determined by
requirements that might country you as
the receiving anchor you are responsible
for determining what kyc used to be
censored this question of different
jurisdictions I went what I'm trying to
get out of is the receiving honker
always wins is to receive an actor who
determines what kyc is required so
therefore it's always receiving I'm
Christa jurisdiction as it doesn't
matter what the standing occurs
jurisdiction came I see to require okay
I think but in any event I think this
flow works for us Michael when I talked
to you last there was some information
like the how would this work for a cash
transaction like a cash out and the
second one was a rename like if the
person that the receiver name was wrong
and they needed to change it or the bank
account was wrong yeah so so in the case
of if some of the information is wrong I
think what we do is
we just have an arat we just error it
out so with a with an area that says you
know the bank account is not a valid
bank account or something but what
happens if it's after after tempo like
it's a downstream thing we sent it to
our bank and maybe the bank at the other
end rejects it because it says account
number invalid so okay yeah that's that
was one of my big questions I want to
ask is how rare is that case and is that
something we want to make part of the
spec so I could imagine a case where we
have you know the this thinning anchor
might say if anything goes wrong send
the money back to this Stellar account
and we'll essentially reverse the whole
thing this this creates bank accounts I
don't think we have a lot of errors but
we do with a cash so if someone sitting
to a cash transaction is a synagogue or
Philippines
we often get like I mentioned last time
things about three to five percent of
the transactions the person puts the
wrong cuz then it might person might
have a middle name might have like three
or four names and so the sender puts two
of the names and so when they get person
goes to pick up the cash their passport
says the whole five names and so they
have to call us or contact us and then
do a rename okay so this is this is
where you're acting as the sending
anchor not as the receiving right and
then a receiving anchor says let me do a
little bit of cash out it's not our main
business but I was more focusing on
Africa don't we do a lot yeah okay
that's yeah that's a big percentage to
just ever out I think I think just
airing it out is the well okay no sorry
you can't hair it out because it's
already sent
some four is kind of like an update
payment endpoint or something where
someone can change after after
everything is said and done but it
hasn't been paid out you want to be able
to update something normally what would
happen is they pull the transaction
status we'd have it marked as error and
we'd have an error type like it'll be
one of two things it'll be in pending
pickup or like a waiting for pickup
status this is cash still and the person
would do a rename and say okay instead
of John Mark is John it's John Luke and
and does it renames the last name okay
and so currently this solution that like
actually exists in the spec is to just
issue a refund and do it again okay this
this creates problems because there's
foreign exchange fees values change
obviously it's definitely not ideal so
again with our customers they would
expect it to be the same they'd expect
exactly it'll be a giant nightmare if
lifted you'll refund right we do it yeah
okay then I think that's something
that's missing I think there's something
that's missing here so we need to figure
out a way for the receiving anchor to
tell the sending anchor something's
wrong here's what's wrong and here's how
you can tell us how to fix it if it's a
fixable thing right so what they would
probably do is give the reference the
transaction reference the operation ID
or some transaction reference that we
feed them back and then send a
transaction update call okay and since
the spec doesn't have a way to update
the transaction only to create them
that's probably the missing
okay ah it's a little more complicated
because you have to tell the setting Inc
or something and that's a different
direction that doesn't really exist in
the specs so far so okay this is good
information I'm gonna have to do some
thinking on that and come up with come
up with a solution but I agree that that
would make the product a lot better this
is kind of a big missing thing okay
that's fine have this resolved with the
transaction and portable so you would
normally pull the transaction endpoint
to find out the status of your
transaction so compass be solved with
that endpoint basically when you first
send the transaction they would return
something like panting pay up and then
eventually let's say you call it a
couple of hours later tomorrow we're at
that point you know there's something
wrong then it would have an error
description wouldn't that work yeah I
think so so the transaction object can
have like a status you know
mmm info needed or update eat it or
something you know we just had a comment
on YouTube from Mariano who said do you
think an intermediate status could be
added for all transactions that by
default status would be pending and then
change to share that comment and also
give a five minute warning cool yeah
I think that when you guys well said
just makes sense have a status needed
update for transaction and then also
make it so you can do a plate or a
update call on the transaction endpoint
to actually change some of the
information
I think that seems fine one of the last
things I wanted to ask about while we're
all here is the idea of receiving kyc
what I've been hearing most of is that
there's not a big issue as far as like
to be run kyc on the receiver could you
guys share a little about what what
requirements you have about the person
receiving the money just really
quickly from a European perspective for
mittens it's fairly like kyc because
either we collected directly from the
recipients like if they come to a store
a physical outlet to pick up cash
they'll provide their ID so we don't
need anything on the call because we're
collecting it or it's the bank account
in and European bank account we don't
need an additional kose information
however if it was a merchant and we're
doing merchants acquiring which we've
been looking into then we might need to
kyc the beneficiary because that in that
case the beneficiary would be a merchant
but i don't think i think that's out of
but I don't think I think that's out of
scope for this specification when you're
acting in as the sender do you ever need
any kose on on the receiving client when
you're descending anchor occasionally we
do okay but that's our compliance
officer would go to their compliance
officer and typically ask for proof of
the ID but I think it happens it's a
very rare event okay
but it could come on the transactions
again like I mentioned if it's a very
large amount there might be additional
proof of source of funds or you know for
an invoice or a company or something
else
we handle that side of expect if your
receiver kyc doesn't come up much if
it's going into a back then it's all
handled by the back has all became YC
initially and it's no it's we don't at
the moment but if it's cash then we
connected it from the actual we could
click the KYC from the person who's
coming to pick up the cash so we don't
need to rely on okay Anthony you're
saying that sounds like by necessity a
very high touch thing it's not something
that can really be codified for cash no
for like a really high value transaction
where you need proof of funds or
something is that something that can
become part of the spec or is that like
you really need a compliance officer to
be doing this manually for me it would
be maybe a next version of us of the
spec again each country is different so
it's a little bit hard to codify it okay
we might need a like pending like
pending the anchors to it I guess that
would be done by pending senator pending
receiver if you're gonna check on
something that's more complicated so
that that's fine yeah it could be a
pending receiver and if there was some
free text or something like this it
could be good where you say a proof of
proof of source of funds are proof of
Issa funds required yeah cool I know our
time is basically over but I just wanted
to highlight that we didn't have the
chance to talk about the our use case
yet said is like if it involves a party
that it's not a traditional anchor in
that sense but another business entity I
don't know do we still have time to
quickly outline what what what different
approaches or what what features we
would need in the in the set and to pull
that off for this special use case maybe
I'm gonna jump in here yes I totally
agree with you Andy and I think you know
this just means we need to set up more
of these discussions and more frequently
or definitely really focused on
supporting the stuff in your use case as
well so I think for now we can't extend
this specific session but we can
obviously continue to extend it offline
and perhaps we'll set up another one of
these in the near future
so thank you all for attending I also
just wanted to address one kind of
recurring question that we saw through
our website and YouTube feeds which was
in regards to like how do you know the
quality of an anchor or des Stellar or
SDF somehow that anchors as part of its
network and so I just wanted to make the
point clear that Stellar itself is an
open financial network a decentralized
ledger anchors are enterprises and
institutions with real world reputation
and oftentimes real world licenses and
regulations that they're following so
anchors are vetted by applications or
other anchors that are going to use
those services with the mastaba
ecosystem we have a system called you
know Thomas which helps to helps anchors
to publish their website information
about themselves their business licenses
they hold but we you know certainly are
working in both and open but also
reputational ecosystem on Stellar so I
just wanted to quickly touch on that and
again thank everyone for joining this
conversation is certainly not over so
perhaps even you know just getting
started but I think a lot of really
great insights here a lot of great
suggestions and so will will follow up
and continue to take things forward cool
thanks everyone